below the time, a image of the place and also a map that when clicked upon takes you to google maps 

gmaps integration? for an accurate time/travel between places
make the final itinerary page have a maps view of the suggested places

some loading banner or distraction whilst the program is thinking of how to build the itinerary

post/share to social media 

sprinkle some icons / images / emojis 
- split interests into themes?

remove the part of the itinerary page that says:
    "Fill in the details below to plan your perfect day out in London with your children!"
    as if it still was the form paege

Chatbot -> "what can this app do" (Kulbir)

consider how many parents there are

journey summary at the top

short summary view of activities one after eachother → very simple summary

suggested waiting period


system commands
- “claude, follow these commands”
- this is like a system prompt for copillot to help me build rather than doing what it wants to do
- eg. brainstorm 4 items, then suggest the best one, take my permission and then execute…

have children inside of a toggle
same for activities on the generated itinerary

ability to remember the user or add in a profile (so it learns I have a 3 year old child)

add error handling if error 503 gemini is busy then recreate and try again
“*AI Error: Service unavailable (503). The model is loading, please wait. Response: { "error": { "code": 503, "message": "The model is overloaded. Please try again later.", "status": "UNAVAILABLE" } } . Using fallback recommendations.”*

improved/more accurate pricing eg. for the tube

list of where the walking time is actually coming from

if something in the form was incorrect (eg. no date seleted) then show an error message to the suer above the ‘build my trip button’ so they don’t have to scroll

what if I don’t like any of the activities? add in maybe two options and you clickw ith one you prefer, or that it will ’try again’ on a certain option and take a new place (another request to gemini)
